To my homegirl who is like a home to me,

Happy birthday Tiya or Debu? What should I call you?  I’ll call you a strong woman for now but according to the context I’ll switch names. Another year passed, more lessons learned. Some built you strong and some got added to your weakness. The thing that remained constant was your will to be better, not just as a mature person but as an emotional being too. To me birthdays are not about celebrating the day that we were born but it remarks more as an achievement status. When I look at you, I see you growing, trying to fly but not trying to stop yourself from moving forward. We all know that there will be challenges but you are one of those people who would try to make it through. That is a skill not every person has.

People have different types of difficulties in their life, some people struggle with academics, some struggle with personal relations, some struggle with dealing with the public. I know you’re not perfect in everything and I know that there’s a lot that you don’t tell me, maybe because you think that you’ll be a burden to me or any other reasons that you may have. I just wish that you heal and win from the things you don’t talk about. Whenever you try to sleep you would want to see dreams and not get scared of them, the smile and the laugh that comes out should be genuine and not forced. I wish people value you like you value them so that you don’t get burnt out during the process. I hope you find the right career and success that comes along with it because I see you working hard for it. You’ve earned these things and a lot more that are not mentioned here. I know that you always have some kind of guilts and sometimes people make mistakes, sometimes it’s not the right time to shine and remember, just because the stars don’t shine in the sunlight doesn’t mean they don’t exist. I want you to focus on the things that can make things right and forget about the rest, things will get better. You’ve always got me by your side, making fun of the things that causes you harm so that you can get mad at me instead of worrying about your problems. 

You’ve contributed a lot in my life from the time we met. At first, you were the first Indian I met on sky but things changed with time. The reason why I was looking for an Indian on the platform was because I wanted to have someone who can feel like “me”. As our friendship grew you became a part of me, someone who can pop up in my mind in the middle of the day and for me it’s rare. The only people who would come to my mind in the middle of nowhere are very close to me and that should explain how much you mean to me as a person, as a friend, as someone whom I trust. You’ve shown me that there are other ways to grow in a friendship too, I can be vulnerable too. You’ve stayed by me whenever you felt like my mood is not good. You’ve been vulnerable around me and as a person who can’t speak it’s heart out, I know how tough it can be. Trusting someone with your things is very hard. I will be lying if I will say that I don’t feel comfortable around you because I can be myself without any filters and its kind off releases the burden on my shoulders. Even though I am far away from my family, you’ve made sure I don’t miss them tooooo much. 

Hoping that you remember that you’ve always got me by your side
~ Your homeboy
